so this video from CES 2018 is brought
to you by group Renault check out our
video there symbiote Zelo car at the
link in the video description Haji bow
are you ready I'm ready for anything
well I'm ready for anything that I've
been programmed to be ready for it so as
you can probably imagine team G bow was
well let's just say they recognized our
crew when we were walking by on the show
floor here at CES and they actually had
some pretty specific responses to some
of the criticisms we had of their geebo
home robot first of all Haji bow who's
the President of the United States
Donald Trump is the president of the
United States so there you go Jibo knows
what's up now and they've made a lot of
improvements since then rolling out OTA
updates about every two weeks now
there's actually been one small hardware
tweak as well the screen has been
swapped out for a higher resolution one
with rounded corners unfortunately it's
not OLED this supply is just not there
yet but hey it's a small improvement and
we'll take it now let's talk about the
software updates because there have been
a ton tweaks to camera processing for
better pictures what they're calling
fresh and lively features to make Gebo a
little more topical like a snow globe
during the holidays geebo can now play
music through iHeartRadio so at this
time there's not a ton you can do in
terms of voice controls and he still
doesn't support services like Spotify
but they are expecting to add more
services and the ability to do things
like TiVo play the next song in the near
future the team has added a new
commander mode that actually allows you
to see through G Bo's eyes which lights
up a purple LED revealing that G bow has
full RGB lighting in his LED strip and
in fact there is probably other hardware
lying dormant under the hood and the
GEVO team has in fact confirmed that for
us another feature of commander mode is
the ability to type a message and have G
Bo say it - Texas is the best so you can
be looking around you can go hey this
room's pretty messy
hey there's my son yo kid clean your
room and giba will say it well in a in a
nicer way geebo now uses information
from Google in addition to the previous
sources and can also do live sports
tours even adding a little bit of color
commentary to the mix like the Celtics
are crushing the Knicks integration with
Philips hue nest and Allrecipes is
coming as is a find my phone function
something that I'm sure that we can all
relate to a big priority for the
development team is personalized report
so debo will see you and say something
like hey Linus you got to get going oh
by the way it's raining so you might
want to grab an umbrella on your way out
the door or if I were to give debo an
instruction like when you see my wife
can you ask her to pick up some
groceries next time she's at the grocery
store debo can pass along that
instruction using his facial recognition
now to be clear I still have a lot of
doubts about Jibo and for that matter
smart assistants in general for as long
as they are stationary but it's clear
that the geebo team is a taking feedback
seriously and be continuing their
software development work so I do look
forward to seeing how it continues to
change in the future and we will be able
to do that because the winning bid for
our sign G bow was an epic troll so we
still have it thanks for checking out
this video from CES 2018 this video was
brought to you by group Rando you guys
got to check out their symbioses demo
car we've got a video linked in the
description but they did a full demo
allowing me to take it out on real
French roads with real drivers around at
a level for autonomous operating level
so that means that I was sitting in that
thing going okay I'm leaned way back
there's a big screen here I cannot even
see over the dashboard and this car is
straight up driving itself telegraphing
its moves around other vehicles as we
change lanes and even being able to
operate autonomously with the driver
wearing a VR headset I was a driver I
was wearing a VR headset and they had
the sensors of the car actually dialed
into the VR headset
and the programming for it so that you
could be driving in this like
fantastical environment like I had like
a flock of birds go by and I kind of
went like this and it was an actual car
totally crazy go check it out to see
what group renault is doing in the space
of autonomous car innovation so thanks
for watching guys if you dislike this
video you can hit that button but if you
liked it hit like get subscribed and
maybe consider checking out where to buy
the stuff we featured because this is
one of the few things we've covered at
the show that you can actually buy today
but whether or not you should is still
up to you Haji Bo how'd I do
sorry ouch